Since you want to make an adjustment in your fixed income,
Then why did you get Gu Didi’s video for me before?
You need to do the whole set. three years ago,
Mrs. Gu learned that Miss Qing Huan’s body had not yet arrived.
I was worried that something would happen. these years,
Those who pretended to be Miss Qing Huan,
It was also arranged by Mrs. Gu on the day the troops were sent out.
I did get news that there is a person who looks very much like Miss Qing Huan,
showed up at that hospital, but she had already been discharged from the hospital,
The last time he appeared, it seemed to be his father in the Xu family,
Later, Su Yansheng died.
Miss Qing Huan was kidnapped and lost her baby.
As you know, jade quantity is activated
You are too cold and there is nothing you can do
What if he remembers something?